okay let's look at the features of the
Evinrude e-tec 200h Oh g2 outboard now
this is a 3.4 liter two-stroke
powerheads with direct fuel injection
the advantages of the e-tec TFI system
include very low exhaust emission great
fuel economy and outstanding power the
mounting bracket design is really unique
instead of a steering Ram tube like
we've seen in outward for decades the EQ
system uses a helix gear driven by
hydraulic pressure to both accomplish
steering and trim and fill as you go for
the optional power steering the boost
motor for that sucks down inside the
bracket here the result is a design
that's very strong and very rigid and
you'll feel that difference on a very
fast boat so when you chop the throttles
the boat won't start to one side some
stead of a bucket shaped call these g2
out boards of this composite exoskeleton
these removable side panels that are
secured with the quarter turn screws you
can get these panels in seven different
colors including Maffeo camel that trips
your trigger
take a look underneath here you can see
a very large water separating fuel
filter a two gallon oil reservoir and a
reservoir for gear loop it lets you
check the quantity and quality of the
lube just by removing the panel these
motors are available in twenty
twenty-five and thirty inch shaft
lengths boat insurance Tech United
marine underwriters were simply the best
at what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in ninety seconds
United marine underwriters